#Simple Is Extraordinary!

***“The difference between being great and being successful”***

**by Amit Kumar**

Many a times while reading the biography of some great men we may wonder why we aren’t like them or what differentiates them from others and what should may be done to become like them. We may subconsciously arrive at the conclusion that, they were born with some extraordinary skills which are horned later in there life and eventually they are extraordinary. Though this is off course not true since once greatness is not a matter of chance or luck, it’s a matter of attitude which is common in all great men. Simplicity though sounds to be very simple but makes the difference between ordinary and extraordinary as we can aspire to touch the sky only when we are down to earth. Although, being simple alone doesn’t certify for one’s greatness but measure’s it to a great extent. Being simple doesn’t only mean wearing simple clothes or putting simple boots but keeping your attitude simple, and your character to be an open book. If we talk of Mahatma Gandhi the ‘great’ he also had a simple philosophy of “Simple living and high thinking”, not only mahatma Gandhi, all great men had these feature common hence there is no doubt that greatness resides in simplicity. So to become great be simple, and to being simple just forget about those scars and pimples on your face, forget thinking about what people will say about you, forget about all mundane things, and hence you are simple! 
It is indeed ridiculous to know that, nowadays, many stars and not so famous personalities are getting involved in cheap and mundane activities, just to gain some name and fame, but being renowned all over the globe or over the nation doesn’t mean to be great; One is great by his activity not by his publicity. To be great, it’s not necessary to be called as “great” by others; instead we must listen “great” from our soul, to be truly great.  
Be Simple and yes, you are extraordinary! 
